# What is a client?

- **cilent**: a multi-tenant slug representing indepenedent databases
    - a tenant: selects the database
    - an AWS Management Aacccount - the 'parent' account or organization ID in AWS.  Will ahve the organization_account_id in the database.
    - A corporate legal entity or division
    - An entity where AWS sends the bill

Is on in context of the cient list (tenant list), the 'current' client and it's relevant data. Think of it as 'the settings' or the 'configuration file' for the platform.  it is representing the AWS Management Account or top level enterprise account or business legal entity. It is the "identity" of the infrastructure.  A large enterprise may have several independent division, sub-companies or legal entitites.  And the management account is the account where AWS sends the bill.  When you login, you login to a 'client'.  In the future, we'll want to make the client as part of the login page. meaning that to login, you must know your 'client' name.  This is very similar to how the hr software 'performance factors' works as an example, you enter the 'company' code, then your username and password.  Today, we default that company code to 'core'.  And 'core' is passed to the /auth API and assume as core if for some reason we don't pass it.  Again, it is a "division or tenant". No data is shared. between tenants.  To do so would be like apple signing in to the same system as oracle ans sharing all their data.  What if two companies logged into performance factors and data started mixing about employees and staff!!! impossible.  But, as any multi-tenanted platform, a person may have a login in multiple tenants.  As of today, I have not decided how I want to do this.  Other than you have a 'profile' (one or more) for a tenant.  And you login to the "default" profile for that tenant.  So, once you login, you've selected the tenant and the 'configuration file' for the application.  There is no 'searching or filtering' by the tenant or 'client' as you are 'IN' the client.  Everything is subordinate. 
